Oh, her eyes.
Her eyes make the stars look like they're
not shining her hair.
Her hair falls perfectly without her trying.
She's so beautiful.
And I tell her every day.
Yeah, I know.
I know. When I compliment her, she won't
believe me.
It's so. It's so sad to think that she don't
see what I seen.
But every time she asked me, do I look okay?
I say.
When I see your face.
There's not a thing.
I would change because you're lazy.
Just the way you are.
And when you smile.
The whole world stops and stands for.
Because carryover may.
Her lips. Her lips.
I could kiss them all day if she led me.
Her laugh. Her laugh she hates.
But I think it's so sexy.
She's so beautiful.
And I tell her every day.
Oh, you know, you.
You know, I'd never ask you to change.
If perfect's what you're searching for, then
just stay the same.
So don't even bother asking if you look
okay.
You know, I'll say.
Hey, when I see your face.
There's not a thing that I.
Change because you're.
A. Using just the way you are.
And when you smile.
Just the way you are.
Got.
You.
Is.
It's not a thing.
I would change because you're remain.
And just the way you are.
And when you smile.
The whole world stops and stares.
I'll just go.
You're amazing.
And just. You are.